[TASK] Update the code of conduct to version 2.1 (#652)
MyIntervals/PHP-CSS-Parser: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

interaction with the people involved, including unsolicited interaction with
those enforcing the Code of Conduct, for a specified period of time. This
includes avoiding interactions in community spaces as well as external channels
like social media. Violating these terms may lead to a temporary or permanent
ban.

### 3. Temporary Ban

**Community Impact**: A serious violation of community standards, including
sustained inappropriate behavior.

**Consequence**: A temporary ban from any sort of interaction or public
communication with the community for a specified period of time. No public or
private interaction with the people involved, including unsolicited interaction
with those enforcing the Code of Conduct, is allowed during this period.
Violating these terms may lead to a permanent ban.

### 4. Permanent Ban

**Community Impact**: Demonstrating a pattern of violation of community
standards, including sustained inappropriate behavior, harassment of an
individual, or aggression toward or disparagement of classes of individuals.

**Consequence**: A permanent ban from any sort of public interaction within the
community.

## Attribution

> This Code of Conduct is adapted from the [Contributor Covenant][homepage],

Reviewer: I think this invalid markdown should be fixed as part of this change.
```suggestion
This Code of Conduct is adapted from the [Contributor Covenant](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/),
```

version 2.1, available at

> [https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/1/code_of_conduct.html][v2.1].

Reviewer: The link doesn't work.  I think we need to lose the square brackets, and the version number at the end (the version is already in the URL).
```suggestion
https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/1/code_of_conduct.html.
```
